you know that [ __ ] who messes with my
physique and says that I am dedicated to the
oldest profession in the world has
called my agency to say that she
has seriously reported me has done this
Paqui I mean here the thing is well
Marta has done these things that Marta does
no and she has published Paqui's photo
And you will say [ __ ] but you can't
publish Paky's photo the thing is
not that he published a photo Paky
says awful things about Marta I mean look
here we have the cli I mean it seems
awful to me you dedicate yourself to collaborating on
channels with a lot of diffusion your
own Twitter account has the same
diffusion As several YouTube channels
you go on every day to insult
criticize for the physique I don't know what And you
are going to have sex and you want to report
because you have posted your photos What's going on your
photo is a crime I mean it's a crime your
photo your photo is on Facebook beautiful if
not do it when is the one with the stye I
hear stye in a photo the best I've
seen you is the stye  You spherical fool,
you are foolish, for what they look at you, I
practice the profession of journalism, I didn't
see you, I saw you, well, I would compare it to another one
that is older than that one.